Process Overview and Brainstorm Document

Processes are a simplificiation of all productive (Ie not service)
activity that can occur in an economy. It's supposed to ensure 
plugability between different cultures, and so on, though that
may not be entirely true in it's current iteration. There may be
problems in implementation between classical (human like)
economies and those of gestalt economies, in particular machine
economies which should have effectively no population but that
which is needed to oversee production.

Current iteration -
  The current iteration contains minimal data and has no
    optional parts.

	TODO -> To Inputs and capital add an optional slot for 
		a multiplier to define how much an optional good
		increases throughput.

  - Id and Name are for identification.
  - VariantName is to allow processes of the same big name
    that have differences. IE, milling with stone mill vs
	milling with a steam roller.
  - Inputs are products which are consumed (and how much).
  - Outputs are products which are produced by the process.
  - Capital are goods required to complete the process, but are 
	not consumed in during the process.
	- Inputs, Outputs, and Capital have additional tags which
	  add details to how they are treated in the buying priority
	  and how they act within the process. These may be comibined
	  more or less arbitrarily.
	  - Required, used for both inputs and Capital, this markes
	    the good as required by the process.
	  - Optional, this marks a good and is not required by 
	    the process. It's absence will not reduce throughput.
		If the product is an input it is consumed as though
		it failed. If it's a capital, it is treated like a 
		capital. These products increase 
	  - Consumed, this marks a good as being consumed by the 
	    process, but is transformed into it's failure products
		instead of the process outputs. This is meant for 
		inputs, not capital.
	  - Fixed, this marks an input or capital good as fixed in
	    quantity regardless of increased throughput. If, 
		due to external modifiers or optional goods, the
		throughput of the process is increased, this good
		will not increase.
	  - Investment, this marks an input or capital good as 
	    only being required once in the standard cycle of 
		the process. This is primarily used for long term
		processes like Farming or monetary loans.
	
  Currently, it is assumed a population will do as many
    processes as possible, with the primary limitations being
	capital and inputs, with labor inputs being granted special
	attention from inputs. Capital can be used
	fractionally, having a process use only a portion of a
	capital good. Inputs are only limited by the total available
	products which go into it. If there is enough inputs for 1
	process, then it does 1, if there is enough for 10 it does
	10. The hard cap on how much can be done is the available
	labor inputs. When calculating throughput it assumes use of
	all in proportion and an output that is of equivalent
	proportion.
	For Example
	Milling takes as inputs
	  - 1000 Kg of Grain
	  - 1 day of labor
	has capital requiremnt of 
	  - 1 mill stone
	and outputs
	  - 700 Kg of flour
	  - 300 Kg of Biowaste
	If we have 1 laborer, a Mill stone and 500 Kg of grain, the 
	process will consume 0.5 of the labor and all the grain and
	effectively consumes 0.5 of the mill stone. If the laborer
	is doing this by his own he gains all the profit. So lost
	labor costs him nothing. If the process is owned by someone
	else, the laborer is only payed for that half day.
  With the Optional Tag we have slightly different rules. If the
    good is optional we add 25% to the valid throughput per 
	optional good in the process. 

Problems - 
  1.Currently, the calculation and effect of limitations is hard
  as there. The biggest limiters are Labor Inputs and Capital 
  requirements. Capital limitations are easy enough as they are
  maintained (assuming low failure) each day, they would have
  lower priority compared to inputs as inputs make outputs and
  thus profit, but capital doesn't on it's own. Labor is limited
  in that it's total capacity is harshly limited by the
  population the labor comes from. Generally, a process's owner
  should either  try to buy each input in proportion to the
  others, or it should prioritize storable goods in then buy
  labor as it can.
  2.The next biggest problem is lack of information density. If
  you want to have the same effective process with different
  capital or input requirements, you have to duplicate the
  process. Each would just be a different process with a variant
  name. This is inefficient in terms of storage since processes
  which are simple variations could condense changes down into
  variants and modifiers based on inputs, capital, labor, tech,
  or what have you. And, it makes changing between them more
  difficult as it requires more complex thought to select which
  to make.

Hypothetical Changes -
	1)This problem may be one which can't be solved here. Some
	  way to assist may be added via priorities or helper 
	  functions, but otherwise may be not doable from here.
	  Currently the system takes in the Required Inputs and
	  Capital. The one with the lowest input ratio to it's
	  expected maximum acts as the limit for all and only that
	  ratio of the goods will used or consumed. Likewise only
	  that ratio of outputs will be produced. Non-fractional
	  goods, particularly outputs, can reduce this further.
	  This however, would be handled more properly by jobs,
	  not processes. Processes should be for information storage
	  not actvity or actual consumption.
	2)Information density can most likely be solved by adding
	  info to inputs and capital. Most would apply to capital,
	  but allowing substitute goods for inputs, or supplementary
	  goods that improve output, but aren't required.
	  To complete this proprosed change would possibly require:
	    1.Most important would be Tags. Just these would go far
		  but may not be detailed enough to satisfy my mania.
		  THIS IS THE BEST ONE TO DO SOONER RATHER THAN LATER.
		  Possible tags:
		  a)Required, marks a good as required in the process.
		    Making this the default would probably be better.
		  b)Optional, marks good as not required to work the 
		    process, would give a bonus to it's inclusion or
			a penalty for it's exclusion. Without (3) this bonus
			would have to be a flat bonus across the board.
			This could further be split between 2 variants
			-Variant 1, Optional Input, this would be a fusion
			 of Optional and Consumed for an input, causing the
			 good to be consumed into it's failure products, but
			 not alter the outputs directly. Throughput would
			 still be the main bonus.
			-Variant 2, Optional Capital, this would be a real
			 optional good. Again, it would increase throughput
			 of required input goods to standard output goods.
		  c)Substitute, marks a good as a substitute for another,
		    somehow. This would probably not be possible, and
			would require (4) to be functional at all.
		  d)Consumed, marks a good as being used, and so does not
		    become one of the output goods but rather changes to
			it's standard failure products. This would also be
			great for secondary or catalyst goods. It would only
			be valid for Input Goods.
		  e)Refine/unrefined, this could be used to make a pair of
		    outputs as one being a refining product and the
			other being the slag produced. Increasing efficiency
			would cause the ratio of refined to slag to change.
			For example, a refining process for iron takes in
			1 kg iron ore and processes it into 0.4 kg of iron
			ingots 0.4 iron ore and 0.2 iron slag. The output
			of iron ore would be marked as unrefined and the
			iron ingots would be marked as refined. Thus
			effeciency would improve the ratio of refined to
			unrefined. This is probably a bad idea, but worth
			writing down here. At least when it comes to
			satisfying my mania of requiring mass consistency.
		2.Base Effect, this is how much the input or good effects
		  the process on flatly, so iron would be a base of 1
		  while wood would be 0 in refining. This is too rough
		  to seriously consider including, but is worth
		  remembering if this can be worked.
		3.Multiplicative Bonus, this is how much the process
		  improves the efficiency of the process, allowing for
		  more throughput or higher of specific outputs. For
		  example, using coal instead of wood would improve the
		  efficiency of refining iron. 
		4.Substitute Goods, this would be entirely separate from
		  processes and would instead be more closely related to
		  products. This would be a method by which goods could
		  substitute for each other without making variants for
		  each variant or substitute good.