Political Groups

Political groups are a method by which a population group defines
it's politics. It's key features are:

Allies connects the political group to others who it considered
	friendly. They generally agree on matters, vote together,
	and when members change party, they tend to move along these
	lines.

Enemies connects the political group to others it considers to be
	political rivals. This is not just a disagreement, but an 
	opposition. The movement of one side tends to create an
	opposing motion in the other. And should one rebel the other
	will begin radicalizing.

Radicalism is how radical or extreme the party is. The more
	radical the more extreme it's political oppinions and the 
	greater it's militarism will be.

Tags are modifiers which change how the members of the political
	group act. Examples:
		- Militant, the group is particularly aggressive and
		  militant resulting in any gains in radicalism to be 
		  amplified.
		- Pacifist, the group is particularly peaceful and all
		  militancy is greatly reduced.
		- Fracturous, the group lacks a strong unifying identity
		  weakening it's voting power.
		- Unified, the group has a strong unifying identity which
		  strengthen's it's voting power and brings more converts.
		- Idealogues, the political group has very high retension
		  but lower growth rate as well.
		- Religious, the political group has a connection to a
		  particular religion which gains increased attraction 
		  from them and decreases attraction from others.
		- Supremacist, this group has culture which it considers
		  to be the most important and greatest. This greatly
		  decreases the draw from other cultures, and increases
		  it from the one it's attached to.
		- Subjugationist, this group views a culture as lesser
		  and seeks to enslave, expel, or otheriwse remove them
		  from power.
		- Affluent, this group finds a hold in the wealthier
		  members of society easier.
		- Empoverished, this group finds a hold in the poorer
		  members of society easier.

Derived Statistics
	Militancy, this is how agressive the group is and how much 
	it desires to revolt and overthrow a ruling party which it
	disagrees with as well as how strongly they will fight to
	keep themselves in power. Calculated based on the radicalism
	and modifying tags.