Population Overview

Population (See PopulationGroup) is the abstracted smallest unit of population
the system works with, any economic activity done by an individual is treated
as part of the population group and it's effects are averaged out across the
group. 

A populationGroup also has a Culture Breakdown, which defines what cultures
exist in the population group and in what proportion.

The last largest thing a PopulationGroup has is a Job which they do.

The Individual in the Population.
	Currently there are 2 thoughts, one default way, and one hypothetical alternative.
	Household Unit - Each 1 in a pop group is actually a household, automatically including 
		a husband, wife, seniors, and children. This is the simplest method and can allow
		effects such as education, pensions, and so on to be simplified. While alterations
		to the proportion between children, working adults, non-working adults, and seniors
		can simulate some demographic changes, it may be overly simple and unrealistic.
	Demographic Breakdown - Each pop is actually a list of populations. The population is
		broken into 4 groups, Babies, Children, Adults, and Elders. Each time somenoe is
		born to a job they start as a baby who does nothing but consume resources and labor.
		Children are able to grant labor to the job and/or be educated allowing the pop to
		become more skilled in time or make promotion to other jobs easier. Adults are the 
		primary laborers and do most of the work, though they may have their labor split
		between their primary job or child care. Elders are the final pop group and while 
		they provide little to no labor, they increase skill level retention.
		The rough ranges for these pop groups is Baby 0-5, Child 6-20, Adult 21-60, Elder
		61+.  
		How these age groups upgrade or downgrade is a bit messy, but the current methods
		are.
			1. Hard Breaks by Year, instead of caring about individual pops you split it
			   into groups, either 1 year or 5 year groups. Every pop born gets put into
			   the baby category and then after the year interval the entire group goes up
			   one step at once. If 5 year intervals, this would be the easiest, but could
			   be done with 1 year increments. This method is adds costs in memory and
			   calculation, but allows for demographics over time to be much more
			   meaningful.
			2. Age Queue, this has each population group count up the births each day then
			   moving them up day by day. This method is bad. It's even more memory
			   intensive than (1) and even more calculation heavy, but is the most accurate
			   the system could possibly be.
			3. Shift rate, this method uses a consistent measure of rates to move pops from
			   one demographic group to another. The first group gains from the birth rate
			   of the population group. The second and each thereafter gain a small
			   percent of the previous group, such that if a single person exists in the 
			   demographic range it will take about as long as it takes for the pop to age
			   out to move up. IE, from baby (0-5) to child (6-20) has a 1/(365*5) % chance
			   of shifting one pop from baby to child. Follow this logic for each demographic
			   group. This method is not quite as light weight as the Hard Breaks, but creates
			   a smoother transition rather than hard jumps periodically. This may be the
			   best and simplest option.


Population Education and Skills
	Pops have a skill level attached to them, representing the average skill level of the
	populace at a job. Whenever a new member is added they often have 0 in the skill, but
	they should quickly elevate to level 1. At level 1 they should never be a total drag
	on production, but they may not be at full efficiency if the job requires a higher
	skill level. 
	Education occurs in many ways, but it attached to demographic breakdowns, and has 
	small forces acting on it.
		- Brain Drain, this is the process in which pops leave the group, by
		  emigration (to other jobs or other locations). Regardless of who leaves this
		  will always produce a small loss. The higher the skill level the more this
		  hurts.
		- Death, when a pop dies, they remove a small amount of skill from the pop,
		  the elderly remove the most, adults 2nd, children 3rd, and babies none. 
		  the higher the skill level the more this hurts.
		- Literacy Rate, Literacy rate is a penalty or bonus to both gaining and keeping
		  skill levels. Low Literacy is a penalty, high literacy gives bonuses.
		- Elderly Tradition, The more elderly there are (proportionally) the less skill
		  will be lost in general, particularly to Illiteracy.
		- Job Experience, working adults naturally adapt to their job's requirements,
		  though this process is slow.
		- Youthful Learning, the proportion of children in the population increases the
		  general rate of skill acquisition as they are more ready and able to learn.
		- Family Education, this is an educational option available to a pop and generally
		  considered the default option. The elderly will teach the children how to do
		  the job, increasing skill growth relative to both old and young.
		- Communal Education, this education option has the children being taught by 
		  the community, using the proportion of elderly in the integrated territory 
		  as a whole rather than the specific group. This requires fewer elderly
		  proportionally, gives less skill growth, but increases mobility and lowers
		  the skill loss from Brain Drain. Great for groups living in small,
		  isolated communities. This reduces the elderly's productivity at their jobs,
		  and only slightly reduces the productivity of the children. This is
		  instituted by governments, though requires either low population or high
		  communal tendencies.
		- Private Education, this is an service that a pop can buy. It costs some
		  existing productivity capacity and money, but gives increased skill gains.
		  This is the most effective, and the pop will always seek to buy the best
		  education they can. It also increases the productivity of the elderly.
		- Public Education, this is a government service which provides free schooling
		  for all child populations. What kind of schooling, and how much is decided
		  by the government. It requires no elderly, increasing their productivity, but
		  greately diminishes the productivity of the children. It also boosts their 
		  mobility between jobs, and makes low skill jobs easy, and can boost literacy.
		  Exact details depend on the curriculum taught.

Population Purchasing.
	Pops try to buy goods in a specific order of operations, with the intent being to
	get all of their needs met in a specific order. The pop will buy as much as it can of 
	each product in each category, then move onto the next product or category until it has
	run out of money.

	1. Life Needs - No pop wants to go without food and water, so they always buy these
		first. This order is rather arbitrary, but ultimately defined by the database. There
		may be optional life needs, such as life support or warm clothing, which are added
		to a pop if they are in a particularly hostile environment.
	2. Job inputs - Job inputs are sought next as these will bring the pop enough money to
		continue buying what they desire and working. The exact order is defined by the 
		job, but the order will usually focus on the most profitable processes of a job
		first, followed by less profitable jobs. And within the buying of an individual job
		capital comes before inputs, required inputs before optional inputs.
	3. Daily Needs
	4. Luxury Needs

Possible Improvement - Wants
	Wants is an alternative formulation for needs. Instead of dictating what kind of needs
	the population needs by listing out the products they want, we instead attach 'wants'
	to the products and have the populous buy based on the wants the product fulfills. 
	Doing this would allow for the implementation of Substitute goods without more complex
	methods of connection.

	For example:
		Let's say a pop has daily needs of 1 food, 1 water, 1 clothing, and 1 shelter. 
		They have a daily need of 3 food, 2 water, 2 clothing, 4 shelter, 3 entertainment.
		And so on. 
		Instead of buying 1 bread, water, shirt, etc. They buy products which satisfy
		those desires. This means that goods which satisfy the same needs are substitutes
		for each other. Buying priority would be dependent on the level of the need (life,
		basic, etc), the quality of the goods, the price of the good, etc. This is a 
		complex problem and may quickly bloat if not careful.

	This is a good idea, but Let's hold off on this until after getting past at least
	the existing ideas. This should be relatively easy to implement.