Job Overview

Jobs are what populations do to create wealth. They do this through multiple means,
but ultimately they are divided into a number of more detailed jobs.

Job and Population Logic
	The logic of Jobs and population is a shared goal, however, we will limit the talk
	to just how the population handles it's job.

	A job's requriments are managed by the process(es) it has. If a job has more than one
	process, then the people attached to the job can swap between them instantly and 
	split their labor between the two. The job records this split and uses it to calculate
	needs for the day, and depending on the profits and success of each portion the 
	population will reallocate labor between it's subdivisions in small increments.
	
	Alongside Processes, the job has at least one kind of Labor which the job produces
	innately. This labor requires no inputs and so gets made 'for free' before the job
	buys what it needs. This is also used to calculate the throughput cap, this free
	labor is needed and should not be sought unless the job is part of a larger
	organization (such as a business or corporation who buys labor from the market).
	The labor which is selected is based on the split to each process. A pop can also
	decide to produce just it's labor if companies want it enough to pay more than
	they can make through self employment. 
	
	Note, services could be thought of as advanced labor as it requires inputs and
	capital to do, so services come out of products. If a process requests a service,
	which is not suggested, the job should be able to 'devolve' the service into it's
	constituent components as well and draw that in as well, turning the components of
	the service directly into the process.

	^^ This section will need more thought and clarification for the details.^^

Buying Goods for a job.
	While a job does not do the buying, it does create a priority list for 
	buying goods for the job. A job organizes first by process (if it has more than one)
	putting all of the goods of the most profitable process first. Then in each processes
	group of inputs it will organize first by non-optional inputs, then non-optional 
	capitals, then optional capitals, finally optional inputs. These values always aim
	to maximize all needed goods, no scaling down if unable to meet all needs. As
	standard, goods from population's existing inventory is selected first before buying.

Job Process Profitability
	Profitability can be measured by 2 metrics, past profits or expected profits. One of
	these must be chosen.
	- Past profits is the most reasonable method, this method records profits gained from
	  the previous day's work, calculating the money earned in selling vs the cost of the
	  input goods as though they were bought off the market (this ignores whether they
	  actually were bought or not).
	- Expected Profit calculated the expected profits of the day, taking the current sell
	  price of the items and subtracting the current costs of the item. This predicts what
	  the expected to come out of it. 
	These are of effectively similar cost, though past profits requires memory for
	storing the previous day's profits. Predictive requires no storage between days, but
	is optimistic as it assumes all goods are sold. Past profits are more realistic, but
	exact logic as to capture this are unclear right now. Regardless, both of these will
	most likely require access to the market.

Job Labor(s)
	A job has at least one kind of labor attached to it. These labors are the initial cap
	on throughput and are decided by the population split meantioned in Job Population
	and logic. When doing processes, any labor that cannot be used in a process is
	automatically added as saleable goods as the labor will disappear after the day is done
	anyway.

Jobs in Organizations
	Jobs in organizations work slightly differently, instead of being limited by how much
	available labor there is, it's instead limited by how many organizers (bosses,
	managers, etc) there are in the organization. People can work either for the company
	or be hired by the company indirectly. Working for them directly ensures their labor
	is going to the company first and that they get paid, regardless of whether the labor
	gets used or not. Those not hired only get paid for their exact productivity and no
	more.

Jobs types
	Ground Floor Producers - They require few inputs, and are the foundation of the economy.
		Farmer - They own land and possibly some buildings. Their focus is on growing crops
			of various things.
		Miner - They own mines and mine it for valuable resources.
		Laborer - A catch all term, they are the people who may not have the resources to
			do other jobs, but instead work for others.
		Slaves - A special class of worker who produces labor for jobs, but does not get
			paid, instead merely getting their LifeNeeds met by their owners.
	Self Employed - They buy the goods themself and produce a product with those goods for
		their own benefit.
		Craftsman - They take goods and produce new goods. Often, with very little in the
			way of capital or land requirements.
		Practitioners - These are people who provide a service, such as doctors,
			maintenance workers, and the like.
	Intermediaries - They buy goods to store and sell them elsewhere.
		Merchants - Those who buy up goods and resell them at a profit, the focus on
			storage of goods, were others focus on production.
		Travelling Merchants - Those who buy up goods and transport them between markets
			to sell at a profit.
	Military - Those who fight for the nation, 
		Soldier - Military personel, including support personel, they produce military
			might at the cost of military equipment. May also be Private Security.
		Officers - Military Leaders, they increase the efficiency of soldiers in the field,
			and create the upper crust of the military.
	Business Jobs - Those who make and improve companies and corporations
		Managers - Middle Management, they are used in companies and corporations to
			increase efficiency and organize production.
		Owners - Company and Corporation Owners, they are the ones who found and create
			companies and corporations and technically own the factories.
		Land Lords - Land Lords (also possibly called Aristocrats) are those who own
			land and primarily make their wealth through renting out land or buildings.
			They can also own farms and mines.
		Investors - Like Owners, but rather than having direct ownership of businesses,
			they gain money by investing and taking interest.
	Government Jobs - Jobs that generally don't produce anything, but help the government
		run and work.
		Bureaucrats - Those who make the government run from day to day. Includes tax
			collectors, judges, police, and so on.
		Clergy - May be considered government or not, but they help enrich the people
			culturally.
		Educators - Educators are public teachers who spread teaching to the populace at
			the expense of the government.
	Miscellaneous
		Researchers - These are people who apply their skills and knowledge towards
			discovering new technology.
		Engineer - These people take the Science discovered by Researchers and apply it
			into new products and improve existing goods or processes.
