Trading between markets -
	Trading between markets allows for goods from one location to be transported elsewhere at a profit, ||
	allowing nearby territories to have access to goods they cannot produce and allowing territories 
	to specialize in specific goods.
Calculation Note - 
	The cost of a trade is equal to the price of the good at source, plus cost of the vehicle divided by
	it's Mean Time to Failure, plus the running cost and maintenance cost of the vehicle times the
	journey distance (measured in days).
		Trade Cost = Vehicle Cost / MTTF + Good Buy Price + Running Costs * Journey distance.
	The revenue generated by a trade is the Good price at destination minus price at source.
		Trade Revenue = Good Sell Price at Destination - Good Buy Price at Source
	Profit is equal to Trade Revenue minus Trade Cost.
		Trade Profit = Trade Revenue - Trade Cost.
Methods of Trade and Calculation -
	Currently there are a number of ways I can think of doing this.
	1. Heatmap system - This method uses the prices of goods to create heatmaps of goods across regions
	   and goods then flow from areas of low value to areas of high value. This would create a web like
	   network of trade and transfer between each territory and it's neighbors. This is theoretically
	   easy in terms of difficulty, but has a high number of calculations.
		a. Supply side method - Supply side method looks at prices between a territory and it's neighbor.
		   If the price difference between two territories is greater than the movement cost, a trader
		   job will be desired and attempt to generate. This local pop makes one way trade deals and must
		   make enough on the trip to pay for a trip out and back.
		b. Demand Side method - Demand side method looks at unmet demand in a market. Any market that has
		   excess demand looks to it's neighbors. If it find available supply it generates demand for 
		   traders and they will go out and buy goods from there and attempt to sell it back to their
		   home. Again, difference in price must be greater than the cost to make it viable. If they can't
		   find anything, then they add some of their neighbor's excess demand to themselves. This is more
		   complicated as it requires finding a good way to transfer demand, but should be less calculation
		   intense, and could be throttled to seek out only locations which need demand.

		Heatmap logic: When a good is produced somewhere, that product's info will spread out 1 day trip at
		  a time. These places who know of it will attempt to make or buy it themselves. If they cannot
		  meet the total of their demand their demand will splash into adjacent territories. 

	2. Trade Route System - This system is a shortcut calculation, where a source is tied directly to a 
	   sink destination. This would only be used for particularly long travels, or specific goals. It would
	   give them an additional weight, making it the preferred path for goods to travel. It also makes local
	   traders go further and make more money.
		a. Natural Generation - Natural generation would form traderoutes between areas of supply peaks and
		   and demand peaks finding routes between these locations and creating trade routes between them.
		   These trade routes would have priority on infrastructure construction.
		b. Governor Generated - This is unnatural generation, created for other purposes of a greater
		   plan. Governors can create these, adding artificial demand to the routes.
	3. Free Trader - This method uses AI actors instead of trade routes or pressures. This is the most 
	   Complicated method, but also probably the most intreesting. The actors are roving population
	   groups who buy up goods low and seek to sell them high. The longer they go on the more resources
	   they'll have and the better their chance of survival. The exact method of work could be in countless
	   ways, some strategies are here.
		a. Greedy - When they are buying up to leave they check prices for available goods, against sell prices
	       in adjacent territories and selects the one which produces the highest Revenue regardless.
		b. Long view. They tend to look for products across a wide stretch of markets, seeking to buy low and 
		   sell high over long distances.
		c. Lazy - They look at the heatmap and go to low places to buy, high places to sell, 
		   and just repeat the course until revenue is too low.