Job Overview

Jobs are what populations do to create wealth. They do this through multiple means, but ultimately they are divided into a number of
more detailed jobs.

Job and Population Logic
	The logic of Jobs and population is a shared goal, however, we will limit the talk to just how the population handles it's job.

Jobs

	Ground Floor Producers - They require few inputs, and are the foundation of the economy.
		Farmer - They own land and possibly some buildings. Their focus is on growing crops of various things.
		Miner - They own mines and mine it for valuable resources.
		Laborer - A catch all term, they are the people who may not have the resources to do other jobs, but instead work for others.
		Slaves - A special class of worker who produces labor for jobs, but does not get paid, instead merely getting their LifeNeeds met by their owners.
	Self Employed - They buy the goods themself and produce a product with those goods for their own benefit.
		Craftsman - They take goods and produce new goods. Often, with very little in the way of capital or land requirements.
		Practitioners - These are people who provide a service, such as doctors, maintenance workers, and the like.
	Intermediaries - They buy goods to store and sell them elsewhere.
		Merchants - Those who buy up goods and resell them at a profit, the focus on storage of goods, were others focus on production.
		Travelling Merchants - Those who buy up goods and transport them between markets to sell at a profit.
	Military - Those who fight for the nation, 
		Soldier - Military personel, including support personel, they produce military might at the cost of military equipment. May also be Private Security.
		Officers - Military Leaders, they increase the efficiency of soldiers in the field, and create the upper crust of the military.
	Business Jobs - Those who make and improve companies and corporations
		Managers - Middle Management, they are used in companies and corporations to increase efficiency and organize production.
		Owners - Company and Corporation Owners, they are the ones who found and create companies and corporations and technically
			own the factories.
		Land Lords - Land Lords (also possibly called Aristocrats) are those who own land and primarily make their wealth through renting
			out land or buildings. They can also own farms and mines.
		Investors - Like Owners, but rather than having direct ownership of businesses, they gain money by investing and taking interest.
	Government Jobs - Jobs that generally don't produce anything, but help the government run and work.
		Bureaucrats - Those who make the government run from day to day. Includes tax collectors, judges, police, and so on.
		Clergy - May be considered government or not, but they help enrich the people culturally.
	Miscellaneous
		Researchers - These are people who apply their skills and knowledge towards discovering new technology.
		Engineer - These people take the Science discovered by Researchers and apply it into new products and improve existing goods or processes.
